WANGSA - QUICK START

1. Install Java 25 if you do not already have it:
   https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?version=25
   Choose the installer for your operating system and processor.

2. Extract the whole ZIP into a folder you own, such as Documents/Wangsa.
   On Windows, right-click the ZIP and choose Extract All.
   Do not run the app from inside the ZIP.

3. Open the extracted folder:
   Windows: double-click Start-Wangsa.bat.
   Mac: double-click Start-Wangsa.command.
   Linux: open a terminal here and run java -jar Wangsa.jar.
   You can also run java -jar Wangsa.jar in a terminal on Windows or Mac.

4. Click the command box at the bottom of Wangsa. Type one command at a time,
   then press Enter or click SEND:
   todo read a book
   deadline ST2334 /by 2026-09-30
   list
   mark 1

Starting from an empty list, you now have two tasks; the first is marked done.
Type help for all commands. Type bye to close.
Tasks save automatically. No database, account, or API key is needed.

IF A COMMAND IS REJECTED

- Use lowercase command names: list, not /list or List.
- Keep the slash in /by: deadline ST2334 /by 2026-09-30.
- Use a real date in YYYY-MM-DD format. September has 30 days, not 31.
- After an error, type the whole corrected command again. No task was added.
- For mark, unmark, or delete, use a task number from list.

YOUR TASKS

Wangsa creates data/wangsa.txt beside Wangsa.jar after your first change.
Keep the JAR and data folder together. To back up tasks, close Wangsa and
copy the data folder. To update, close Wangsa and replace only the JAR.

IF IT DOES NOT OPEN

Run java -version in a terminal and check that it says 25.
Keep the extracted app in a writable folder, not a protected system folder.
If your system blocks a downloaded app, review its warning and source before
opening it. You can run java -jar Wangsa.jar in a terminal to see any error.
Supported: Windows x64, Linux x64 with GTK 3, Intel Mac, Apple Silicon Mac.

Earlier versions used wangsa.db. This version does not read or delete that
file. Keep a backup if it contains tasks you still need to transfer.

Guide and credits: https://manutd1234.github.io/ip/
